Add supporting documents to ns1 agent (#2)
nginxinc/nginx-ns1-gslb: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guidelines

> The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to the NGINX AWS Auto-Scale Group Sync tool. We really appreciate that you are considering contributing!

Reviewer: [](url)
```suggestion
The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to the NGINX Plus NS1 GLSB tool. We really appreciate that you are considering contributing!
```

#### Table Of Contents

[Ask a Question](#ask-a-question)

[Getting Started](#getting-started)

[Contributing](#contributing)

[Style Guides](#style-guides)
  * [Git Style Guide](#git-style-guide)
  * [Go Style Guide](#go-style-guide)

[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ns1-gslb/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Ask a Question

We will have a public forum soon where you can come and ask questions and have a discussion. For now please open an Issue on GitHub with the label `question`.

## Getting Started

Read the installation, configuration and building steps in the [README](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ns1-gslb/blob/master/README.md).

### Project Structure

* nginx-ns1-gslb is a service written in Go that works with NGINX Plus.
* The main code is found under `/cmd/agent/`

> * Tools for building the service for supported Operating Systems are found under `/build/package`

Reviewer: This line needs to be removed as we don't provide any packaging solution yet.
